
# Portfolio

  This assignment was chosen because the goal of the project was to show whether if the students could utilize the language interpretation skills that was taught throughout the semester. Unlike most assignments, this one was more time consuming and challenging.  Students were required to learn the concept of HTML and implement the project in Elm, which was a language that was never taught before or during the class period. Elm is a language that compiles to JavaScript. Since, the amount of time required for the assignment was long, it helped to reach some of the Computer Science Learning Goals and a College-Wide Learning Goal.

  The project helped to understand the concepts and techniques of software design and a system level understanding of the computer because of one of the requirements was to come up with a web application, so that way it would run on any operating system. Therefore, the decision was to create a unique 8-bit 2D game that was different from most games. This allowed us to come up with creative ideas and designs that was suitable. In order to complete the tasks, we determined the needed user interface, components and tools. The assignment involved object-oriented programming, such as linking game objects with written Elm functions. One of the requirements was to make the game executable on a computer with low specifications. The game runs better on a computer with better specifications such as more RAM to store the needed variables and objects. Also, creating an application for the web, helped me to improve my understanding of the network, such as making the game accessible globally.

